Update docs before `0.19.0` release (#1275)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/guide/deploying_contracts.rst

Declaring contracts
-------------------

> Declare transaction can be sent as either version 1 or 3. To sign a declare transaction, please use :meth:`sign_declare_transaction_v1()` or :meth:`sign_declare_transaction_v3()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A declare transaction can be issued in either version 1 or version 3. To sign a declare transaction, you should utilize the sign_declare_transaction_v1() or sign_declare_transaction_v3() method, respectively.
```
maybe?

Declaring contracts
-------------------

> A declare transaction can be issued in either version 1 or version 3.

Reviewer 2: What about declare v2?

Author: Added info also about v2.

Declaring Cairo1 contracts
##########################

> To declare a contract in Cairo version 1 or higher, Declare V2 or Declare V3 transaction has to be sent.

Reviewer 2: Nit: maybe also add a similar note above for Cairo 0?

Author: Added info about it under `Declaring contracts` section.
